# lucky-js-fuzz
Html that generates random js statements then fuzz in the web-browser.


**Usage:**

a) put all of those files under a web server 

b) visit lucky-jsfuzz-chrome.html

    please notice the last line of lucky-jsfuzz-chrome.html: outputAllThingsHTMLFormat(false);
    if you want to run the script instantly in the web-browser, you should change the arugment 'false' to 'true'.


**Sample output:**

Please check sample_out.html

This html file was generated by every type of output limited to `3`, recommend value is `12`.

**Contact me:**

Wenxiang Qian (Twitter: @leonwxqian / Weibo: @leonwxqian) of Tencent Blade Team, leonwxqian#gmail.com or #qq.com.

Blog: http://nul.pw

**Hacks to use this smoother**

When you use this, there should **obviously** with some problems like:
* When render is hanged, the page won't redirect to new seed. => maybe you need to write an extension or something to force it reload.
* When there's an out-of-memory, the page will die and cause some false alarms if you have monitored the status of page. => a simple hack: modify chromium , when oom is happen, reload current page. Same thing for page hang.

Of course you can use this as a functional fuzzer, however, this is just designed to be a part of fuzzing system which means this is lacking of some functions which couldn't be done by just javascript. For example: crash monitoring, binary level error handling, crash reporting... You should add them by yourself, FF/Chromium/V8 is open source so I think you can do it easily. :)

Happy hacking & fuzzing!



**PS**

I am not a pro on writing Javascript, and this fuzzer was written in a hurry. So the project is written in a very old and ugly style.

It was formerly going to be used for fuzzing NScript, a script evaluation engine used in the Windows Defender, so there're only basic data type supported here. I will update often as I am prepare to use this to do more fuzzing work in the future.
